Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
FLIP: This Candy piece scam
is workin' out sweet for me!
I already collected four heart
pieces that fit and I only need
one more to make the finals.
I guess using one piece of Candy
to complete my heart
piece couldn't hurt.
Yuma: Flip!
Yuma, help!
What are you planning
to do with flip?
NISTRO: This cheat made
fake heart pieces.
He's gonna pay
with his deck.
And he'll be banned from
competing in this and all future
duel carnivals.
Hey, wait a minute!
You can't just
ban him forever!
How about we settle this
honorably with a duel.
Dextra: Fine then.
You'll duel nistro and me
together and if you beat either
one of us, then
you win the match.
And your friend gets
his second chance.
But if you lose,
then you get the exact
same punishment as him.
Let's duel!
Astral: Yuma!
He has begun a duel.
I must go.
Number 96: Leaving
so soon, Astral?
Number 96!
Did you break your seal again?
We all agree that
our time has come.
It is time to act,
and to destroy!
What?
Subdue Utopia, dark mist!
Let's end this duel now!
Straight Slash attack!
Noooo!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
you can't protect your monster
anymore since you have no more
cards left in your hand!
no more cards in my
hand, that's right!
I activate my Tasuke
Knight's special ability!
I almost forgot!
When tasuke Knight is in my
graveyard and I get attacked
with no cards in my hand, I can
not only summon it, but
it also ends the battle!
He blocked me?
TORI: Way to think on
your feet, yuma!
It's gonna take more
than that to beat me.
You got lucky kid.
Okay, let's see now.
I have two level 4
monsters on my field,
I should summon utopia.
Yo, Astral!
Where are you?
Hey!
Quit Stalling, yuma!
it's gonna be impossible to
summon utopia without
Astral around.
Yuma!
Seize Astral, dark mist!
Give up.
We will absorb you.
Yuma!
Quickly,
utopia, you must leave
me and go help yuma.
Do not let it escape!
Oh no!
I'll just have to win
this without utopia.
I... draw!
this card can't put a stop
to any of their monsters.
Tasuke Knight, take
out morpho butterspy!
Power-Push!
That's the best
you got for us?
A mosquito could do
more damage than you!
Utopia!
Dark Mist, destroy number 39!
No!
It is getting away!
Good Luck, yuma.
Stop stallin'!
end your turn so
I can crush ya!
Either that or
forfeit the duel.
Okay.
I'll place a card
facedown and end my...
whoa, my key!
Utopia?
But since the card appeared,
shouldn't Astral be around, too?
Astral, are you there?
Astral?
Where are you?
If utopia came without Astral,
then something must
be seriously wrong.
Utopia got away, but
you will pay the price.
Lacking utopia's protection, you
will be helpless to resist us.
Your concern for humans must
have weakened your mind.
Now numbers, join with me!
Absorb Astral so that we can
complete our mission
of destruction.
What are you doing?
All these numbers are
under my control now.
But I need more power.
You will be assimilated next!
If the lightshow is over
kid, let's get back to dueling!
There's something
weird going on.
Be careful, nistro.
I hope yuma finds a way
to flip this duel around!
Could it be,
that Astral's also battling
somewhere far from here?
He must've made a huge
sacrifice to send this to me.
So I can't waste this chance.
Now let's go,
cause right now I'm
feelin' the flow!
First I'm gonna
overlay my level 4
gagaga gardna and tasuke Knight!
Then I'll use them to
build the overlay network!
I XYZ summon, number 39 utopia!
Alright!
It's a number.
He has a number!
and it's one of the most
amazing I've ever seen!
It is spectacular.
Okay then, we're set
to take 'em on utopia.
There's no way they
can defeat us now!
I'm gonna subtract
that number from his deck!
Not yet, nistro.
You have to wait for me.
I'm summoning moonlit papillon.
Don't, dextra!
I told you I'm goin'
after that number!
You'll wait your turn.
Now that we know he has a number
card, this isn't a game anymore.
We're doing this by
the book, understand?
I hate "By the book."
I overlay my level 4 swallowtail
butterspy and moonlit papillon!
And with them I'll build the
overlay network and then XYZ
summon, photon papilloperative!
That's one
mean-looking butterfly!
Hey, wait!
They're using photon monsters,
just like the
ones Kite used before!
How come you use photon
monsters just like Kite?
What'd you say?
So...
you know this Kite
Well, do you?
There is no escape, Astral!
You are going to
fulfill your mission.
Whether you like it or not.
There is much we
have to destroy.
I know Kite.
We dueled each other a while
ago. But we finished in a draw.
A draw?
But Kite is one of the
strongest duelists I know.
You'd have to be
incredibly skilled!
Either that or...
Mr. Heartland told us, remember?
He said the original number,
the envoy from Astral
world came to this planet.
Well I think we just found it.
Are you suggestin' that this
kid's playin' host to the
visitor from Astral world?
A twerp like him couldn't go toe
to toe against Kite unless he
had a major advantage.
I see what you're sayin'.
if he has the original number,
it'll make my victory
all the sweeter!
I'm going hunting first, nistro.
And I'll use photon
papilloperative's
special ability!
By Using One overlay Unit, your
utopia switches from defense to
attack mode and loses
600 attack points!
Then I'll add to your
troubles by using my
spell card berserk scales!
It gives my photon
papilloperative a one thousand
point attack boost.
That monster's way
than mine stronger now!
1200 attack points
to be exact yuma.
Your number's safe,
but not your life points.
Oh man, I don't have
that many more to lose!
Ready?
Photon Papilloperative, attack
utopia with Vivid swarm!
No!
I activate utopia's
special ability!
If I use an overlay unit,
I can negate your attack!
Go Light wing shield!
I didn't take any damage.
That's right and unfortunately
for me, due to berserk scales
effect, my monster photon
Papilloperative now
loses 2000 attack points
at the end of the turn.
But at least we now know
utopia's special ability.
Nistro,
I'll let you take
over from here.
I'm fired up to win this thing!
I... draw!
I tribute my level 4 blade
bounzer to summon level 6
phantom bounzer!
I hope he's not
gonna do what I think.
I am.
I overlay my level 6 phantom
bounzer and hammer bounzer!
And just as you feared,
I'll use them to build
the overlay network!
I XYZ summon,
photon strike bounzer!
Oh man, 2700 attack points!
Yeah!
It's really strong!
Photon strike bounzer,
don't show any mercy!
Go Strike streak!
Utopia, use your
special ability!
Light Wing shield!
Ha, tricked ya!
Tricked me?
Photon strike bounzer has
a special ability, too!
It can use an overlay unit to
cancel out your XYZ monster's
special ability,
and you get hit
with one thousand
points of damage!
No way!
If I take that big
a hit, it's over!
Yuma...
Got you!
There is no escaping
your fate, Astral.
You will join with
me and become me.
Go, photon strike bounzer!
Attack With Strike streak!
I'm playing a trap!
Damage diet!
I only take half the damage
from your special ability!
Yuma.
Whatever!
Without your light wing shield,
my monster can still attack!
Go on and strike it,
strike bounz
he can't survive
another attack!
Say sayonara to the
rest of your life points!
No chance!
I'm activating the
trap half unbreak!
This card can keep my
utopia from being destroyed.
And I'll only take half the
damage from your attack.
He's still in this thing.
But just barely.
The kid is finished.
His utopia is out of overlay
units plus he has no more
facedown cards.
Stay down.
Take it easy on
yourself and hand your
number card over to us.
Why put yourself
through any more misery?
I won't ever give up.
Now let's get on
with the duel!
Fine.
If you wanna drag
out this farce,
go ahead.
It's my move!
I draw!
I'm summoning my cardcar d!
Now I can drive this card away
and two new cards will race from
my deck to replace it!
floor it, cardcar!
Yeah!
to draw the card that I need,
I've gotta feel the flow!
double or nothing,
and double tension?
They won't help me.
No.
I gotta think.
There's always a way.
I can still pull this off.
I just have to figure out how.
if only Astral were here
to help me, but he's not.
Hey, what's wrong?
Finally.
I didn't think that Twerp
would ever give up!
Yuma.
He failed badly.
Just as you failed, Astral!
Yuma...
i'm sorry Astral,
i couldn't do it.
Don't give up, yuma!
C'mon, you never
quit, remember?
It's True!
Every time you're down or get
your deck handed to you, you're
so hotheaded and stubborn that
you always get back up again and
keep fighting. Even when it
seems hopeless, 'cause that's
just you.
Tori's right.
Astral is depending on me.
I'll keep dueling,
and I'm gonna win, too.
Because I am so
feelin' the flow!
Yuma.
I sense you.
We are connecting.
What is that kid doing?
It feels like I am
losing my hold on you!
That is due to the bond
between yuma and me.
We out-power you.
Impossible!
Noooooooo!
Yuma!
It's about time!
What's been keeping you?
Nice to see you, as well.
What is that?
Astral's back!
Just when we needed ya!
That must be the envoy who
came from Astral world.
I suppose you came 'cause you
think I'm erate for your
help. Well, for
your information,
I was doing just
fine all by myself!
I don't need you making a
dramatic entrance at the last
minute to tell me what to do!
So you can go back to goofin'
off wherever you came from
and let me handle these guys.
So this is a two-on-One duel.
You have done Well, yuma.
I sense all the pieces
are in place for victory.
They are, really?
We can win this...
together.
Yeah!
Alright.
First, from your graveyard
activate overlay
eater's special ability!
You heard him overlay eater,
use your special ability now!
That's the monster yuma sent to
the graveyard so he could
activate gagaga
gardna's special ability!
By Banishing overlay eater,
I can snatch one of your XYZ
monster's overlay units
and give it to utopia!
And Now photon Strike bounzer
can't use its special ability!
Although that move was clever,
it won't save you!
Utopia, attack photon
papilloperative!
It's not enough
damage to defeat me.
That's why I'm using
utopia's special ability,
and stopping its attack!
Wait, did you just say
"stop it's attack?"
Yes, and next I activate
the spell double or nothing
from my hand!
Since I stopped utopia's attack,
this spell allows it to attack
again. Only this time utopia's
attack points are doubled!
They really pumped up utopia!
But not by enough, Tori.
Don't worry about that!
I activate the double
tension spell card!
It doubles the attack points of
my monster when it's attacking
for a second time!
I think we can
start panicking now!
That's for sure!
Are you ready, yuma?
Yeah!
Attack!
Go rising sun Supreme slash!
I activate my
trap, bounzer guard!
Now I can redirect your attack
so it attacks photon strike
bounzer!
You did it!
See, I told you
not to give up!
Wow, for a minute there
I thought we were doomed!
But then Astral showed
up to save the day!
Oh Please.
Why did you take
that hit for me?
I dunno...
it just felt right.
Well, if this doesn't prove that
you and Astral are a great team,
nothing...
Yo, kid!
We're gonna give your friend
here a second chance like we
agreed. But I can
promise you this.
If flip cheats again, we're
not going to be as forgiving!
And one more thing, next time we
duel, I'm taking you and the
original number down.
You're on!
I'll duel you anytime anywhere!
And Now, we've gotta go get the
jump on some more cheaters!
I could've easily beaten those
bullies by myself of course, but
it all worked out anyway!
Boy A: There's that
little Fink flip!
We want our heart pieces... now!
Get back here!
Don't touch my hat!
Dextra, I think we should keep
our run-in with yuma a
secret from Mr. Heartland.
But why?
E I am going to defeat
the original number.
I don't want Kite interfering.
You got it.
Take it easy, flip.
Boy B: Bye!
Boy C: See you never!
Boy D: Yeah!
Well, I have one piece anyway.
Hey!
It's gone!
I'm heart broken!